Java: Document `@cds.java.ignore` (#2097)
cap-js/docs: java/cds-data.md

This feature requires version 8.2.0 of the [CDS Command Line Interface](/tools/cds-cli).
:::

#### Excluding Elements

You can exclude elements from accessor interfaces with the annotation `@cds.java.ignore`. 

For example, you can exclude an element from the entity like this: 

```cds
namespace my.bookshop;

entity Books {
  key ID : Integer;
  title  : localized String;
  stock  : Integer;
  @cds.java.ignore
  ignored : String;
}
```

> This will yield an interface that has no methods for the attribute `ignored`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides an interface that has no methods for the attribute `ignored`.
```

On the service level, you can exclude elements from projections as well as operations and their arguments like this:

```cds
service CatalogService {
  entity Books as
    projection on my.Books {
      ID,
      @cds.java.ignore title,
      stock,
      ignored
    }
    actions {
      @cds.java.ignore action act(@cds.java.ignore arg: String);
      function                func(arg: String, @cds.java.ignore ignored: String) returns String;
    }
}
```

> This annotation propagates across projections and they also omit the ignored elements. This can be overridden with the following annotation: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation propagates across projections and they also omit the ignored elements. This can be overridden (in a test, for example) with the following annotation: 
```
Trying to provide an example use case, can ignore it and merge the PR if you'd like. @vmikhailenko

Author: Overriding ignore is very exotic. I can remove whole clause about override to avoid confusion.

```cds

> annotate Books:ignored with @cds.java.ignore: false;

Reviewer: I'm probably lacking modelling knowledge to understand this. How do I set the context where this should be used, for example a service? I guess it's not globally overridden, or?

Reviewer: Where is this annotate statement usually located?
